---
title: Introduction
description: Welcome to the Octocon documentation
navigation.icon: i-material-symbols-rocket-launch-rounded
---

# Introduction

Welcome to the Octocon documentation! This guide will help you get started with the Octocon app and the Octocon bot for Discord.
Whether you are new to the Octocon community or a seasoned user, you will find useful information here to help you get
the most out of Octocon.

## What is Octocon?

Octocon is an all-in-one series of applications and services designed to help people with dissociative disorders (such
as DID and OSDD) manage their systems, communicate with friends, and access resources. The Octocon platform consists
of three primary components:

- [Octocon app](/docs/app): An easy-to-use, secure mobile app for Android and iOS devices that allows you to manage your
system, register fronting push notifications with friends, record your front history, journal, and more!
- [Octocon bot](/docs/bot): A Discord bot that acts as a companion to the Octocon app, providing additional features
such as alter proxying (similar to Tupperbox or PluralKit) in addition to providing a slash-command interface
for the app's base features.
- [Octocon community](/docs/community): A welcoming and inclusive Discord community where you can meet other systems,
share experiences, suggest features, communicate with the development team, and get help with using the Octocon app 
and bot.

Click any of the links above to learn more about each component of the Octocon platform.

## How to read this documentation

This documentation is organized into several sections, each of which covers a different facet of the Octocon platform.
You can navigate between sections by (on desktop) using the sidebar on the left side of the page or (on mobile) clicking
the "menu" icon in the bottom-left corner of the screen. Each section contains multiple pages that cover specific
topics in detail.
