---
title: Rules
description: Rules and guidelines for the Octocon community
navigation.icon: i-material-symbols-fact-check-rounded
---

# Rules

The Octocon community is a place for everyone to learn, share, and grow together. To ensure that everyone has a
positive experience, we have a few rules and guidelines that we expect everyone to follow. These rules are also
posted in our Discord server, and we expect everyone to read and understand them before participating in the
community.

## 1. Don't be a jerk

The following will NOT be tolerated in our community:

- Targeted harassment/insults
- Doxxing
- Bigotry (including racism, homophobia, transphobia, and ableism)
- General drama & heated arguments

Overall, follow this simple rule before sending a message: if you are likely to offend someone or a group of people
by saying it, or will create an awkward environment, don't say it. Take any arguments to DMs.

## 2. Be mindful of trauma

By nature, the vast majority of users in our community have trauma relating to certain sensitive topics. Messages involving
common triggers MUST be put in ||spoiler tags|| with an unspoilered trigger warning (TW: Content), or not brought up at all.

## 3. No NSFW

Images, usernames, and must NOT contain any sexually explicit content. Joking about sex-related topics is fine, but this
is a fine line to walk. Use common sense here.

Sexualization of minors has a zero-tolerance policy.

## 4. No diagnosing

This is the internet; no one here can accurately confirm whether someone actually has a dissociative disorder or is
faking it. As such, attempting to diagnose another person (whether it be with DID, a personality disorder, fakeclaiming,
or something else) is not allowed; that is to be left to medical professionals.

However, we understand that many people are likely to have DID/OSDD despite not having a diagnosis, and we should be
welcoming of that community while being careful not to interfere with their medical path or reinforce any biases.

## 5. No advertising

This includes explicit promotion of server invite links, especially if they're meant to discredit Octocon.
Sending invites to other DID-oriented communities when it's relevant to the discussion is generally permitted.

## 6. No unwarranted communication

This includes sending a friend request on either Discord or Octocon without explicit consent. In addition, don't DM
or ping staff without prior approval.

## 7. Policy on endogenic systems

While we cannot restrict those who use our resources, we wish that our stance is known:

Octocon's bot, app, and communities are not intended to be used by those who identify as non-traumagenic systems
(such as "endogenic systems"). In addition, discussion of concepts such as purposefully creating alters/tulpamancy and
"system hopping" is banned.

Discussion and debate of this topic (commonly known as "syscourse") is explicitly banned, including the general
discussion of endogenic systems (whether positive OR negative). There is to be no hate speech towards either side of the
argument.
