---
title: Privacy policy
description: Privacy policy for the Octocon platform
navigation.icon: i-material-symbols-security-rounded
---

# Privacy policy

*Last updated: June 25, 2024*

This Privacy Policy applies to the Octocon app (the "app") for mobile devices, which was created
by the Octocon team (the "service provider" or "we/us") as a free service.

## Information Collection and Use

The app collects some information when you download and use it to properly provide its functionality.
This includes information such as:
- Your device's Internet Protocol (IP) address
- Your app-specific authentication credentials

The app does **not** gather any information about:
- The precise location of your mobile device
- Most personally-identifiable information (your name, address, etc.)
- Anything not described in this document

When you use the app, it attempts to make a connection to the closest Octocon server to provide you with the best
experience. Thus, it may be possible for us to determine your rough geolocation (like country or continent)
based on your IP address and which server you connect to. This information is not stored or shared with anyone else.

Additionally, the app collects some external information when you log in with an external service provider:
- Google: the app will store your email address and associate it with your account.
No one else will be able to see this information.
- Discord: The app will store your Discord user ID and associate it with your account.
This information can be seen by other users of the app.

## Third Party Access

The app does not collect any information about your usage of it. However, the app may automatically collect
anonymized data for the purposes of improving the app's stability, such as after a crash. This information includes:
- The version of the app you are using
- The model of mobile device you use
- The version of the operating system on your device
- Whether the application is side-loaded
- Whether your device is rooted or jailbroken
- If a crash occurs, the stack trace of the crash and the state of the app at the time of the crash

The above information may be securely shared and stored **only** with the following third-party services for these
reasons:
- Functional Software, Inc. (d/b/a Sentry): for crash reporting and debugging purposes

We may disclose user-provided and automatically collected information:
- as required by law in our jurisdiction (the United States), such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
- when they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.

## Opt-Out Rights

You can stop all collection of information by the app by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstallation processes 
available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

## Data Retention Policy

We will retain user-provided data for as long as you use the app and for a reasonable time thereafter.
If you'd like the Octocon team to delete all data that you have provided via the app, please contact us at [help@octocon.app](mailto:help@octocon.app)
and we will respond in a reasonable time.

## Children

We do not use the app to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. We encourage all children to never
submit any personally identifiable information through the app and its affiliate services.

## Security

We have the utmost concern about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We utilize extensive
physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the information we process and maintain.

Only the lead developer of the Octocon team has direct access to the databases utilized by the app. All other
team members do not have access to this information, though they may have access to the source code of the app
and its infrastructure.

Even for those with access, data stored in the database will only be introspected when it is absolutely
necessary for debugging purposes. This data will not be shared with anyone else, and extreme care will be taken
to ensure that the amount of data introspected is minimized.

All data is stored on secure servers located primarily in the United States, with auxiliary servers in other
countries, including:
- Germany

## Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time-to-time, for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by
updating this page with the new Privacy Policy and making an official announcement in our Discord community. You are
advised to consult this Privacy Policy (whether independently or through our community) regularly for any changes,
as continued usage is deemed approval of all changes.

This version of the Privacy Policy is effective as of June 25, 2024.

## Your Consent

By using the app, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and
as amended by us.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy or security while using the app, please contact us
via email at [help@octocon.app](mailto:help@octocon.app) or on our official Discord community. We're happy to help in any way we can.
