---
title: Proxying messages
description: Learn how to proxy messages as alters with the Octocon Discord bot
navigation.icon: i-material-symbols-chat-rounded
---

# Proxying messages

The primary feature of the Octocon Discord bot is the ability to "proxy" chat messages as your alters. This allows you to
communicate with other members of your server as your alters, without needing to use a separate Discord account. Octocon
does this by intercepting messages sent by your alters and relaying them to the server as a "bot" user with the 
appropriate name and avatar.

## Setting up a proxy

Once you have created an alter (such as by using the `/alter create` command; see the [command reference](/docs/commands)
for more information), you can add a proxy for that alter by using the `/alter proxy add` command. A proxy can consist of
a prefix, a suffix, or both. For example, if you have an alter with ID `3` and you want to proxy messages as them
by typing `a-` *before* your message, you can add a proxy with a *prefix* using the following command:

`/alter proxy add id:3 prefix:a-`

Now, whenever you type a message starting with `a-` in a channel where the bot is present (e.g. `a-Hello!`), your message
will be replaced with a message from that alter. The bot will also remove the prefix from the message, so the other members
of the server will only see `Hello!`.

**TODO**: Explanatory image/video

## Removing a proxy

If you want to remove a proxy, you can use the `/alter proxy remove` command. For example, to remove the proxy we added
in the previous section, you can use the following command:

`/alter proxy remove id:3 prefix:a-`

Now, the bot will no longer proxy messages as that alter when you type a message starting with `a-`.

## Autoproxy

The bot also supports "autoproxying" messages as your alters. This feature allows you to automatically proxy messages
as a specific alter depending on various factors. There are currently three autoproxy "modes":

### None

This is the default mode, and means that the bot will not automatically proxy messages as any alter under an
circumstances. You can enable this mode using the `/alter autoproxy mode:none` command.

### Front

This mode will automatically proxy messages as the alter currently set as **primary front**, if there is one. If not,
the bot will automatically proxy messages as the **longest fronting** alter. You can enable this mode using the
`/alter autoproxy mode:front` command.

### Latch

This mode will automatically proxy messages as the last alter you successfully proxied as, "latching" onto that alter
until you proxy as a different alter. You can enable this mode using the `/alter autoproxy mode:latch` command.

### Ignoring autoproxy

You can prevent any message from being autoproxied by prefixing it with a backslash (`\`).
