---
title: Importing data
description: Import data from PluralKit or Simply Plural into Octocon
navigation.icon: i-material-symbols-cloud-download-rounded
---

# Importing data

Octocon provides a way to import your existing alters from PluralKit or Simply Plural. This allows you to easily
transition to Octocon without having to manually re-enter all your alters.

If you'd like to do this from the app instead of the Discord bot, see [that respective section](/docs/app/importing-data)
of the documentation.

**Note**: If you have any issues with the import process from either platform, please reach out to our
[Discord community](/docs/community) for assistance.

## Importing from PluralKit

To import your alters from PluralKit, you will need to use the `/settings import-pk` command. This command requires
a `token` parameter, which you can obtain by DMing the PluralKit bot with the `pk;token` command. Once you have the token,
paste it into the `token` field of the command and execute it.

The bot will then import all your alters from PluralKit into Octocon. Do note that it may take a few minutes for all
of your data to be imported, especially if you have a large number of alters in PluralKit.

## Importing from Simply Plural

To import your alters from Simply Plural, you will need to use the `/settings import-sp` command. This command requires
a `token` parameter, which you can obtain by following these steps:

- Open the Simply Plural app
- Open the side menu drawer and click the settings gear in the top right
- Navigate to the `Account` -> `Tokens` section
- Click the `+ Add Token` button, check the `Read` permission, and click the new `+ Add Token` button at the bottom of
the screen
- Tap "Yes" three times to confirm the token creation, then click the copy button on the left of the new token to copy
it to your clipboard.

Once you have the token, paste it into the `token` field of the command and execute it. The bot will then import all your
alters from Simply Plural into Octocon. Do note that it may take a few minutes for all of your data to be
imported, especially if you have a large number of alters in Simply Plural.
