---
title: Security features
description: Security features provided by the Octocon app
navigation.icon: i-material-symbols-security-rounded
---

# Security features

The Octocon app is designed with security and safety in mind, and provides several features to ensure that the data
on your device is not exposed to anyone else.

## PIN lock

The Octocon app allows you to set up a PIN lock to prevent unauthorized access to your account. This is located
in the Settings menu under `Security` -> `Lock app with PIN`. Once enabled, you will be prompted to set up
a 4-to-8-digit PIN code that you will need to enter every time you open the app.

If you forget the PIN, you will not be able to access the app until you reset or uninstall/reinstall it. All of your
data will be preserved (except for your device-specific settings), but you will need to log in again.

## Stealth mode

If you are in a situation where others may access your device and be able to open the app without your consent, you can
mitigate this by using the Stealth mode feature. This is located in the Settings menu under `Security` -> `Stealth mode`.

When enabled, Stealth mode will disguise the app whenever it is opened, making it appear as a news aggregator.
You may access the "real" app by tapping the Octocon **logo** in the top-left of the screen **twice** in a row. You
will then be taken to the app or prompted to enter your PIN if you have one set up.

## Quick exit

If you are in a situation where you need to quickly close the app, you can use the Quick exit feature. This is located
in the Settings menu under `Security` -> `Quick exit`.

When enabled, Quick exit will immediately close the app and (on Android) hide the screenshot of the app in the recent
apps menu when you double-tap anywhere on the screen that is not normally interactive (like the background).

## Combining features

The PIN lock, Stealth mode, and Quick exit features can be used together to provide the best security possible for your
Octocon app.

For example, you can set up a PIN lock and enable Stealth mode to make the app appear as a news aggregator
when opened, and then use Quick exit to immediately close the app when you are done using it or you suspect
someone is looking over your shoulder.
